        On our march through the Galaxy, humans have colonized thousands of
        planets. The things we've seen, and the miracles we've discovered are at
        times beyond the imagination. Our numbers grow steadily, and with them
        we add more and more Arks to the fleet, but it's a process of millenia
        with a success rate far from perfect. Yet our race inches along. 

        Communication between Colonies is... difficult. We've figured out the
        out so much, but we must still bend to the will of the Universe. Despite
        our best efforts, and all our advances, messages take, at best, decades
        to reach between Arks even at that they're sometimes so garbled we can't
        tell if they're calling out a new Eden or calling for help. Some
        Colonies are destined to thrive, lucking out with a young Core and fairly
        friendly fauna, but many have just slowly, gently, and quietly faded
        out. 

        There's never been more of us, but I for one have never felt so small.
        Our voices don't echo over the cosmos, our figures are painted into the
        stars. This Ark is has a charted course of 5,637years. I will not see
        our Eden, my grandaughter's grandaughter's grandaughter with not see our
        Eden. I can only hope that they live a happy life. Our Ark is a
        beautiful one, filled with mountain ranges and forests and vast oceans.
        They are a world unto their own, with food chains and cultures. It's all
        so beautiful, but all so fragile.

        I pray for longevity. Everytime my grand-daughter learns a new word my
        heart flutters. Everytime she takes a faultering step, my cheeks warm.
        It is with Us as it is her; every new Ark is a victory, every succesful
        launch a joy and every new day a treasure. 

        The Lattice grows, and time marches on. Ours is the age where we will
        see if we are Men or Gods.

        - Diary Entry #05, 
          Argus Hawking,
          Chancellor of Section Sigma-Delta,
          Ark #B61D38
